This directory contains a release of the University of Michigan Psychiatry 
Neuroimaging Methods Core tools.  The version number of the release can be
found in ./.local/mc_releasetag

For help with these tools contact us at MethodsCoreHelp@umich.edu

The goal of the Neuroimaging Methods core is to provide all investigators in 
the Department of Psychiatry -- especially junior faculty and young 
investigators -- with the latest and best in neuroimaging analysis tools.

The Core consists of Robert Welsh and Chandra Sripada (Co-directors) as well as
Mike Angstadt, Joseph Heffernan, and Daniel Kessler (Research Area Computer
Specialists).  An Executive Committee consisting of five PIs from the 
department sets the Core's agenda and oversees activities. They are Jon-Kar 
Zubieta, Steve Taylor, Israel Liberzon, Mary Heitzeg, and James Swain.

The current (tentative) schedule for upcoming releases is as follows: 
August 1st               Preprocessing, Registration Checks
September 5th            First-Level Script
October 3rd              Second-Level Script
November 7th             Companion Scripts (PPI, Physio Correction, 
                         Motion Regressor Statistics, ROI Scripts, power 
                         analysis, and others)
December 5th             Repeated Measures ANOVA

Our goal is to make sure Methods Core tools are:
    *User-friendly including extensive commenting and informative error 
    messages.
    
    *Integrated and consistent across tools.
    
    *Fast using a variety of methods to reduce disk operations and accelerate 
    performance.
    
    *Well documented including help files and, in many cases, practical video 
    documentation.
    
    *Supported by Methods Core personnel at MethodsCoreHelp@umich.edu
    
    *Frequently updated to work with current versions of SPM, FSL, MarsBar, etc.


Please give us your feedback about how we're doing.


Release Notes:

8/1/2012 - Release 1.0 
	   First public release of MethodsCore tools.  This release contains a 
	   suite of command-line scripts to preprocess fMRI data as well as 
	   perform several basic data quality checks.

