Hello friend!

Thanks for cloning the MethodsCore repository. Many of the scripts in our library require some
degree of localization, as they usually don't know where they've been cloned to. To help with this,
you'll find some scripts and hooks in this directory. Follow the following instructions to enable
this support.

1. Copy post-checkout to .git/hooks
2. If this clone is an active deployment (i.e. you expect users to copy templates out of this
directory before doing work on them, and it's very unlikely that commits will ever occur from this
clone), then touch a regular file named .local/deployment. This will influence the behavior of
deploy.sh which is called from the post-checkout hook.

That's it!

Once you've done this, you'll get the following behavior everytime you perform a checkout.

a) A file will be created at .local/CurrentVersionSHA which will contain the SHA ID of the commit
you most recently checked out. This can be useful to be read in for logging features.

b) If you have some specific spm8Batch_Global and spm8Setup files, you can put them in
.local/spm8Batch. If this directory exists, these files will be copied to spm8Batch/ so that things
work properly for your clone.

c) If you have touched the regular file .local/deployment, some other interesting things will
happen. deploy.sh will scan all of the files in your repository to identify any that contain the
string "*_template*". It will the loop over these files and do the following
       
       1) Delete all content from %DEVSTART to %DEVSTOP (including these wildcards 

       2) Replace all instances of %[DEVmcRootAssign] with mcRoot = 'pwd' where pwd signifies the
       root of the current MethodsCore clone. This is appropriate for replacement in matlab scripts.

       3) Replace all instances of %[DEVmcRoot] with pwd, where pwd signifies the root of the
       current MethodsCore clone. This is handier for templates that use bash or other languages.

This tool might get fancier in the future (e.g. strip off any leading comment characters in lines
that contain the search string described in 2 or 3 to give you more flexibility in your use of
wildcards, but for now this is all that is supported.